Hi, and welcome to our course,
English for Effective Business Speaking.
I'm Sean McMinn.
Delian Kin and
I are extremely excited about you joining
us on our journey through this course.
We have two main goals for you.
One is to introduce to you and
help you improve your business
communication skills, from job interviews
to business meetings to business pitches.
And our second goal is to help you improve
your spoken English, and this includes
vocabulary usage, pronunciation skills,
and the way that you deliver a message.
So those are our two main goals.
And we'll be doing this in many ways.
Throughout the course, you'll be
introduced to different things such as
lecture videos where we give you some
sort of input or recommendations.
And this is followed by activities or
quizzes that allow you to practice
what we're talking about.
We really encourage you to engage
with others in this course.
Sometimes we have found in courses
like this that a good thing to do
is to get on social media.
Use Skype, use Facebook,
use WeChat, meet other people,
contact them, ask them if you want to
practice your spoken English.
And we find that a lot of people do.
So if you have that opportunity, contact
other people in this course, call them up,
say hey, I want to practice my spoken
English for a couple of minutes.
Do you want to talk to me?
And you'd be surprised.
Many people want to do the same thing.
So this course is a great thing for
many reasons.
One, we're going to introduce to you
content that we think is important,
that will help you develop
your spoken English.
And it's also a chance for you to
meet people from around the world and
practice your spoken English.
Okay, so the three of us are really
looking forward to working with you.
Have a look at the rest of
the materials in this module
that discuss what we expect from you,
such as the learning objectives and
also different ways that you can
learn both vocabulary and languages.
And also what to expect from
the rest of this course.
All right, see you soon.